Update cors.md - add precision about fastify (#2873)
nestjs/docs.nestjs.com: content/security/cors.md

### CORS

> Cross-origin resource sharing (CORS) is a mechanism that allows resources to be requested from another domain. Under the hood, Nest makes use of the Express [cors](https://github.com/expressjs/cors) or Fastify [@fastify/cors](https://github.com/fastify/fastify-cors) packages depending on the underlying platform. This package provides various options that you can customize based on your requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cross-origin resource sharing (CORS) is a mechanism that allows resources to be requested from another domain. Under the hood, Nest makes use of the Express [cors](https://github.com/expressjs/cors) or Fastify [@fastify/cors](https://github.com/fastify/fastify-cors) packages depending on the underlying platform. Theses packages provide various options that you can customize based on your requirements.
```
